Update README.md for ICU4C demos (#43)
unicode-org/icu-demos: icu4jweb/README.md

- Verify that each demo program works [Run latest docker image](http://127.0.0.1:8083/icu4jweb/).

# Deploy to [public demo](https://icu4j-demos.unicode.org/icu4jweb/)

> To publish the demos, one needs access to the Google Cloud [ICU4C demos project]([https://pantheon.corp.google.com/run?project=goog-unicode-dev](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/run/deploy/us-central1/icu4j-demos?project=goog-unicode-dev)).

Reviewer: Keep it as `console.cloud.google.com` please.
```suggestion
To publish the demos, one needs access to the Google Cloud [ICU4C demos project](https://console.cloud.google.com/run?project=goog-unicode-dev).
```

- First, make sure that the demos work locally in the previous step.
- Rebuild the docker image, tagging it appropriately.
- Edit build-deploy.sh, replacing "latest" with the release such as "71.1".
  - Suggestion: Update the script to get the release as a command line parameter.
- `sh build-deploy.sh`. Expect a final line such as:
  - "Successfully tagged us-central1-docker.pkg.dev/goog-unicode-dev/unicode-jsps/icu4c-demos:icu4c_74_1"
- Next, authenticate with gcloud:

> - `gcloud auth configure-docker us-central1-docker.pkg.dev`

Reviewer 2: I didn't have to do this, `gcloud auth configure-docker` was enough
